# Canvas
Hi Welcome everyone.  DIGITAL SENSE (Canvas)  Problem 1.There is the wider gap in the digital divide; 2 .Large users frightened to use unreservedly; 3. Substantial users access and participate in the 4. Entertainment and social media platforms only; 5.Majority lack digital literacy. 6. Multilingual issues  II.Solution: Main solution: 1.Spreading the Digital Literacy; 2.Creating awareness on the Rights and Responsibilities; 3.Inspiring to access online services provided by the government and its agencies; (get benefit ) 4.This will to encourage many internet users to access, participate and benefited from the digital economy and governance. 5.This will narrow down gap in the Digital Divide. Primarily to create Contents for print and visual medium on the principles of Digital Citizenship in Indian context in simple and understandable english/ hindi, also translate and make it available in other Indian languages. Ultimately to create a platform ( webpage) to host the contents created. So that Everyone understand, participate and benefit  III. Resources Required: Minimum Viable Project: Creating content in English and present it in write-ups, articles and videos. Host it in the Social Websites, Facebook, WhatsApp, You tube, / Blog post etc. Sponsorship for inauguration.  IV. Key Metrics: To build an informed internet users/ citizens, so that they can participate and equitable benefit in the digital economy.  V. Unique value proposition: I am to elucidate by write-ups and videos to chase away the ignorance and fear of the internet users; and to create incite by educate web literacy to participate in the internet righteously and beneficially.  VI. Contributors Profile: 1.Experts/ Mentors for guidance and consultation (in this field) 2.Non-Profit Organisations already working in the fields - Digital Literacy, Internet Safety and Security. 3.Advocacy Professionals/ Non-profit Organisations in Internet Rights and Duties. 4. Writers, artists, parents, teachers to assist / guide, to create contents for print/visual medium. 5. Language experts to translate into other Indian languages. 6..Sponsorship (venue and food) to hold one workshop to meet and discuss with the contributors.  VII. User Profiles: All Internet Users.  VIII. Early Adopters:  1. English known internet users; 2. Hindi known internet users; 3. Other language known internet users.  IX.User Channels: Instantly to start with: WhatsApp, Facebook, Youtube, Blogs and can be extended to other Social Media Contributor Channels: Contacting and inviting Non Profit Organisations, professionals, by personal meeting first time and inviting through social medias, conducting a meeting / symposium for one time. While continue to working with contributors and users, we will gain new contributors.
